20GB big cloud.
Stuff it funny about.
that day, a tease or a trivial conversation.
you don’t really think about me
insincere smiling
I can't spend 1 hour by myself.
you are full time But im alright,see you.
(Hey boy, you don't have some time.)
I'd like to choose non-sweet chocolate.
(Ok, hey dollar dollar bill yay)
Am I an adult? I don't know and care.
(I'll be gone before you can say it, babe.)
If you’ve got some time…
Everything is more complicated than before.
Wires that are entangled and cannot be removed.
That was ah and this was ah... Ask '22.
I don't know what to do. Hasta la vista.
I saw, bag bottom broken biscuit
Look me up when you see me, I'll be waiting for the surprise for the weekend.
Hey mama do u remember her?
Hey mama don’t u remember him?
I spent some time endless.
Before you go, please say to me bye-bye.
Your tears are particularly painful and bitter to me.
If it were possible, I would not want our enemies to know of this weakness.
I've come to a different story than the one you wish for.
Well, somehow or other.
Wherever we go, we are alone,
even if we have more memories.
Maybe that's some consolation at least.
I hope to be able to say good-bye properly someday.
Most of the time it's done okay.
It's not like I'm going to die.
I don’t care if you’re in lowkey, I'm carefree.
I wish I could say “Hold me” or something.
That one word is like a distant incantation.
Dissolving and fading away.
I can hear my pain
Singing in my brain
I can't help it.
Hey mama do u remember her?
Hey mama don’t u remember him?
I spent some time endless.
Before you go, please say to me bye-bye.
can we be together
like we used to be idiotic.
Sometimes isn't enough.
Can we talk forever??